Update installation instructions (#213)
Qiskit-Extensions/circuit-knitting-toolbox: INSTALL.rst

    version <https://www.ibm.com/products/ilog-cplex-optimization-studio>`__.

CutQC and entanglement forging users should consult the
:ref:`Platform Support` section to determine which installation option
is appropriate for them. Users who wish to run within a
containerized environment may skip the pre-installation and move straight
to :ref:`Option 3`. Otherwise, users who wish to install locally or via PyPI may 
follow a few set of common instructions to prepare a Python environment for
installation of CKT:

First, create a minimal environment with only Python installed in it. We recommend using `Python virtual environments <https://docs.python.org/3.10/tutorial/venv.html>`__.

.. code:: sh
    
    python3 -m venv /path/to/virtual/environment

Activate your new environment.

.. code:: sh
    
    source /path/to/virtual/environment/bin/activate

Note: If you are using Windows, use the following commands in PowerShell:

.. code:: sh
    
    python3 -m venv c:\path\to\virtual\environment
    c:\path\to\virtual\environment\Scripts\Activate.ps1

.. _Option 1:

Option 1: Pip Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Upgrade pip and install the CKT package.

.. code:: sh

>     pip install --upgrade pip circuit-knitting-toolbox

Reviewer: If you're going to go through the effort of upgrading pip, you should really do this _before_ using pip to install ckt.

Reviewer: Yeah, that works, or you can do it on two separate lines.

A big part of the reason for upgrading pip is to get the smartest possible dependency resolution, which can only then happen once pip is run a second time.

Users intending to use the entanglement forging tool should install the ``pyscf`` option.

.. code:: sh
    
    pip install 'circuit-knitting-toolbox[pyscf]'

Users intending to use the automatic cut finding functionality in the CutQC package should install the ``cplex`` option.

.. code:: sh
    

>     pip install 'circuit-knitting-toolbox[cplex]'

Reviewer: Perhaps worth mentioning after these that you can pass multiple in one command, like `pip install 'circuit-knitting-toolbox[cplex,pyscf]'`.

But maybe this makes it too wordy.  If you've already considered this, please disregard.

Author: I think keeping both "Users intending to..." statements, but collapsing the call into one call containing both options is the most concise

    

.. _Option 2:

> Option 2: Local Installation

Reviewer: Option 1 also qualifies as "local installation"

Author: I thought "local installation" meant local to the repository location (`-e` flag). Not local to the machine. Every install is inherently a local install

Author: I think Option 2 should be called "Install from Source". You're right, local install is not the right call

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Clone the CKT repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the circuit-knitting-toolbox repository.
```

.. code:: sh

    git clone git@github.com:Qiskit-Extensions/circuit-knitting-toolbox.git
    
Upgrade pip and enter the repository. 

.. code:: sh
    
    pip install --upgrade pip && cd circuit-knitting-toolbox

Install CKT from source. Install the notebook dependencies in order to run

> all the visualizations in the tutorial notebooks.

Author: OK I've reworked this section. Let me know what you think

    the free version of CPLEX, they should acquire a license and install
    the `full
    version <https://www.ibm.com/products/ilog-cplex-optimization-studio>`__.

Pre-Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Users who wish to install locally (using either :ref:`Option 1` or :ref:`Option 2`) may 
follow a few set of common instructions to prepare a Python environment for
installation of CKT:

First, create a minimal environment with only Python installed in it. We recommend using `Python virtual environments <https://docs.python.org/3.10/tutorial/venv.html>`__.

.. code:: sh
    
    python3 -m venv /path/to/virtual/environment

Activate your new environment.

.. code:: sh
    
    source /path/to/virtual/environment/bin/activate

Note: If you are using Windows, use the following commands in PowerShell:

.. code:: sh
    
    python3 -m venv c:\path\to\virtual\environment
    c:\path\to\virtual\environment\Scripts\Activate.ps1

.. _Option 1:

Option 1: Pip Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Upgrade pip and install the CKT package.

.. code:: sh

    pip install --upgrade pip
    pip install circuit-knitting-toolbox

> Users intending to use the entanglement forging tool should install the ``pyscf`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users intending to use the entanglement forging tool should install the ``pyscf`` optional dependency.
```

Users intending to use the automatic cut finding functionality in the CutQC package should install the ``cplex`` optional dependency.

Adjust the options below to suit your needs.

.. code:: sh
    
    pip install 'circuit-knitting-toolbox[pyscf,cplex]'

.. _Option 2:

Option 2: Install from Source
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Users who wish to develop in the repository or run the tutorials locally may want to install from source.

In either case, the first step is to clone the CKT repository.

.. code:: sh

    git clone git@github.com:Qiskit-Extensions/circuit-knitting-toolbox.git
    
Next, upgrade pip and enter the repository. 

.. code:: sh
    
    pip install --upgrade pip
    cd circuit-knitting-toolbox

The next step is to install CKT to the virtual environment. If you plan on running the tutorials, install the
notebook dependencies in order to run all the visualizations in the notebooks.

> If you plan on developing in the repo, you may want to install the dev dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on developing in the repository, you may want to install the ``dev`` dependencies.
```

> Users intending to use the entanglement forging tool should install the ``pyscf`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users intending to use the entanglement forging tool should install the ``pyscf`` optional dependency.
```

> Users intending to use the automatic cut finding functionality in the CutQC package should install the ``cplex`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users intending to use the automatic cut finding functionality in the CutQC package should install the ``cplex`` optional dependency.
```

Installation Instructions
=========================

Let's see how to install the Circuit Knitting Toolbox (CKT). The first
thing to do is choose how you're going to run and install the
packages. There are three primary ways to do this:

- :ref:`Option 1`
- :ref:`Option 2`
- :ref:`Option 3`

CutQC and entanglement forging users should consult the
:ref:`Platform Support` section to determine which installation option
is appropriate for them. Users who wish to run within a
containerized environment may skip the pre-installation and move straight
to :ref:`Option 3`.

.. note::

    If a user wishes to use the circuit cutting toolbox to
    automatically find optimized wire cuts for a circuit too large for
    the free version of CPLEX, they should acquire a license and install
    the `full
    version <https://www.ibm.com/products/ilog-cplex-optimization-studio>`__.

Pre-Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Users who wish to install locally (using either :ref:`Option 1` or :ref:`Option 2`) may 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who wish to install locally (using either :ref:`Option 1` or :ref:`Option 2`) are encouraged to
```

> follow a few set of common instructions to prepare a Python environment for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow a brief set of common instructions to prepare a Python environment for
```

Locate the *last* URL in your terminal (the one that includes
``127.0.0.1``), and navigate to that URL in a web browser to access the
Jupyter Notebook interface.

The home directory includes a subdirectory named ``persistent-volume``.
All work you’d like to save should be placed in this directory, as it is
the only one that will be saved across different container runs.

Running some Examples
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> From inside the ``circuit_knitting_toolbox`` repository, navigate to the tutorials, open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From inside the ``circuit-knitting-toolbox`` repository, navigate to the tutorials, open
```

a `Jupyter Notebook <https://jupyter.org/install>`__ instance, and start experimenting with CKT!

.. code::
    
    cd docs/<circuit_cutting | entanglement_forging>/tutorials

>     jupyter notebook

Reviewer: Why not start `jupyter` from the base of the repository -- or at most, one level deep, in `docs`?

Author: Couldn't really settle on what was best. This section is kind of clunky anyway, but I think we need it to cap everything off.

What snippet would you suggest here?

Reviewer: Maybe just

```
cd docs/
jupyter notebook
```

and then navigate thru the web interface to circuit_cutting or entanglement_forging, then tutorials

Locate the *last* URL in your terminal (the one that includes
``127.0.0.1``), and navigate to that URL in a web browser to access the
Jupyter Notebook interface.

The home directory includes a subdirectory named ``persistent-volume``.
All work you’d like to save should be placed in this directory, as it is
the only one that will be saved across different container runs.

Running some Examples
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
From inside the ``circuit-knitting-toolbox`` repository, navigate to the tutorials via the `docs/` directory, open
a `Jupyter Notebook <https://jupyter.org/install>`__ instance, and start experimenting with CKT!

.. code::
    
    cd docs/

>     jupyter notebook

Reviewer: I actually think this whole thing should be a sub-subsection under Option 2.  It isn't relevant to the other options.
